hi guys today I'm going to show you how
to make these giant peanut butter cups
which are actually made for Halloween
but I usually make a lot this time of
year for my husband and four other
people actually don't like peanut butter
at all fun fact for you but apparently
these are very very nice this is a
recipe that I adapted from a nigella
lawson recipe I don't know if I saw it
in her book or maybe online i will link
that below and basically this is kind of
my own version of it i mixed together
the ingredients that you can see here so
a little bit of icing sugar in fact
probably quite a lot of icing sugar at
nutella crunchy some parts peanut butter
I didn't have to be some type it could
be anything it doesn't have to be
crunchy it could be smooth that's what
you prefer and the dairy milk is for the
topping so first of all why they say I
just mix the ingredients together takes
a while for it to look like this but you
need to go to the consistency of kind of
play dough roll the mixture into balls
and press them into your cupcake cases
I'd recommend that you use foil ones
because they do hold up a little bit
better and there is no cooking involved
here so next I'm breaking up my
chocolate to make the topping I just
melt the chocolate in a little plastic
pan and put it on top that is basically
it if you are not going to do anything
else to them if you just want to make
them with chocolate topping on top and
that's it is the simplest recipe ever I
would then put them in the fridge to
cool i like to set the topping because i
am going to decorate them but even if
you're not going to decorate them i'd
still recommend you put them in the
fridge because it's going to be really
messy to eat otherwise i decided to do a
cobweb design on top i thought would
lend itself really well for halloween
but i was using this strange kind of can
of frosting for the first time and it
was actually really difficult to control
this is probably the best take that i
did there were some really messy ones so
i would recommend maybe getting those
little squeezy tubes or just doing it
with a regular piping bag this was
really difficult and but yeah that's
pretty much it you could ice them
however you want it so you could use
them for whatever occasion you so wished
could make them for christmas you could
put names or ages on top to the video
for birthdays it's just a really good
recipe to have on hand because so many
people like them unfortunately as I say
I don't like peanut butter but if you do
i would definitely recommend that you
give them a go